You can't see behind your eye.
Look up to the stars and you are lost at sea.
Your behavior can be predicted.
The higher the current of an alternating current circuit, the higher the resistance.
Jason Statham has acted in several movies.
Albany is the capital city of New York state.
The answer you’re searching for, to help explain why you exist, is as disappointing as the life you live. You shouldn’t really expect anything differently.
There are 206 bones in the human body.
Van Gogh held a special love for Sunflowers: out of all the kinds of flowers he’s ever painted, he has painted Sunflowers the most.
Scrolling through miles of a meaningless assortment of text and pictures only proves how useless you are.
The tallest mountain South Africa is Mount Kilimanjaro, in Tanzania.
You can choose to die on your feet like a fool, or to die on your knees like a coward. There is no honor or pride in either decision.
The alloy “Brass” is made by smelting together Copper and Zinc.
You are 999,999 in 1,000,000.
After many years of exile, Benazir Bhutto returned home in 2007. Once returning home, he was assassinated, barely 2 months later.
God is dead.
You will all die alone, unloved, and forgotten.
The first uses of the word “Freelance” were by Sir Walter Scott, who used it to describe a knight who was not currently serving any lord, and was free for hire.
Existence is meaningless without true love and happiness, and you shall find neither.
The Sanskrit word for “war” can be translated properly into English as “desire for more cows”.
Nearly 90% of all living things on our earth live in the ocean.
The term “computer bug” originates from a Harvard University Mark II Aiken Relay Computer experiment, in September 9th, 1947, when a moth was caught between two points in one of the relays.
That plastic tip on either end of a shoe lace is called an “aglet”.
There is no body of water large enough to drown your sorrowful existence, and no current strong enough to wash away the disappointment you’ve exuded onto the Human Race.
No one is keeping tally of your feeble existence but you.
The Banana Spider, found in South America and some parts of Central America, has a potent venom that induces painful, deathly erections in Male Humans.
Due to anti-German sentiment in the United States, sauerkraut was renamed ‘victory cabbage’ throughout the duration of World War I.
A fruit is a structure of a plant that contains its seeds.
The existence of a soul has never been proven for a reason.
'Petrol bomb' is another name for 'Molotov Cocktail'.
The Gulf Stream is part of the ocean current system called the North Atlantic Gyre.
No medicine will cure the sickness that lives within you.
The yolk of an egg and its germinal disc together are a single cell.
79 is the 22nd Prime Number.
The domestic cat is classified as an invasive species.
A cacograph is a deliberate mispelling of a word for comical effect.
Diamonds are not the hardest material in the world. That title was usurped by “Aggregated Diamond Nanorods” (Also known as Hyperdiamonds), when it was created back in 2005.
The human skull requires only 15 pounds of pressure per square inch in order for it to be entirely crushed. 
The Texas Obscenity Statute, passed in 1973, prohibited the distribution of any obscene device (a device that is primarily marketed as a means of  sexual stimulation), and if you were caught in possession of six or more, you could be charged with intention of distribution.
In the late 1800s, the word “Pants” was widely considered a dirty word in the country of England.
The legendary mail service, the Pony Express, had no ponies; just Horses.
When faced with the possibility of starvation, some ribbon worms will eat themselves in order to carry on living.
Dolphins sleep with one eye open, as there are no trustworthy creatures in the deep darkness of the ocean.
When glass breaks, the cracks move faster than 3,000 miles per hour. To photograph the event, a camera must shoot at a millionth of a second.
There are no clocks in Casinos, so the inhabitants are not aware of how much time they are wasting away within their confines.
Despite severe alcoholic tendencies, and a gambling addiction that caused him to lose all of his scholarship aid, Edgar Allen Poe maintained an incredibly high Grade Average.
In 399 BC, Greek philosopher Socrates was found guilty on charges of 'corrupting the youth' and 'impiety' and subsequently executed by way of Hemlock imbibement.
The first English spell-checker was called Spell and was created in 1971 for the PDP-10 Mainframe Computer.
Keith Moon of The Who famously destroyed his drum set on the Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour with an explosive charge placed in his bass drum detonated after the final song of the band's live performance.
The platypus is one of five species of mammals that lay eggs instead of giving birth to live young.
The first modern air conditioner was invented in 1902 by Willis Carrier.
Amelia Earhart disappeared in 1937 while attempting to circumnavigate the globe.
TReS-4 is the largest exoplanet known to humans.
Approximately 3.58 million people die each year due to water related diseases.
The half life of fermium-253 is 3 days.
The overall life expectancy in Mozambique is 39.2 years.
The software program Mathematica was first released in 1988.
A quarry is a type of open pit mine where rocks for building materials are extracted.
American fiction is classified as 813 in the Dewey Decimal system.
There is no alternative to death.
You will die alone.
Sticking your hand in a waffle-iron will help alleviate your shame.
No warmth nor light lies beyond the veil of death, do not fool yourself.
Existence is meaningless without true love and happiness, and you shall find neither.
You make as much impact on the world as a ping pong ball on a brick wall.
No medicine will cure the sickness that lives within you.
There is absolutely nothing you can do to keep the people you know and love from falling out of contact with you.
Be thankful that life is not a video game, so that you may live in the bliss of only having failed once in the span of your existence.
In space, no one can see you cry; the tears that pour from your nasolacrimal ducts (tear ducts) have no gravity to pull them down your shameful, shameful face.
Your words have no weight in this world.
You will always feel empty inside.
No matter how good you get at tennis, you'll always loose to a wall.
Nobody will remember you for your pathetic achievments.
You cannot escape.
Everything Fact Seagull says is true.
Don't go around saying the world owes you anything. You owe the world your life, which is entirely pointless.
A life spent making mistakes is not only useless, but more harmful than a life spent doing nothing.
Every mistake you make is another reminder by the world that you will never succeed.
I regret every moment of your life, and I barely even know you.
Mr. Rogers was an ordained minister. 
The highest point in Pennsylvania is lower than the lowest point in Colorado.
The Michelin man is known as Mr. Bib. His name was Bibendum in the company’s first ads in 1896.
Jamaica has the most churches per square mile than any other country in the world.
When the Titanic sank, 2228 people were on it. Only 706 survived.
The human brain is about 75% water.
The longest one-syllable word in the English language is “screeched.” 
Michigan was the first state to have roadside picnic tables.
$283,200 is the absolute highest amount of money you can win on Jeopardy.
A Boeing 747s wingspan is longer than the Wright brother’s first flight.
Jim Morrison, of the 60′s rock group The Doors, was the first rock star to be arrested on stage.
You share your birthday with at least 9 million other people in the world.
An ostrich’s eye is bigger than its brain.
Ramses brand condom is named after the great pharaoh Ramses II who fathered over 160 children.
In the United States, more Frisbee discs are sold each year than baseballs, basketballs, and footballs combined.
In Alaska it is illegal to shoot at a moose from the window of an airplane or other flying vehicle.
It’s estimated that at any one time around 0.7% of the world’s population is drunk.
Intelligent people have more zinc and copper in their hair. You have very little of either.
Because metal was scarce, the Oscars given out during World War II were made of wood.
The human feet perspire half a pint of fluid a day.
The first novel ever written on a typewriter is Tom Sawyer.
Charlie Chaplin once won third prize in a Charlie Chaplin look-alike contest.
According to Genesis 1:20-22, the chicken came before the egg.
The average human blinks their eyes 6,205,000 times each year.
The glue on Israeli postage is certified kosher.
It is illegal to hunt camels in the state of Arizona.
15 million blood cells are destroyed in the human body every second.
A penny has a 49.5% chance of landing heads up after a toss.
The bonobo monkeys use sex (and/or sexual favors) to placate members of their social group instead of grooming. They are one of the few species of animals (humans being another) that have sex out of season and for fun.
The first streetlights in America were installed in Philadelphia around 1757.
In Italy, it is illegal to make coffins out of anything except nutshells or wood.
Proportional to their size, cats have the largest eyes of all mammals.
A wind with a speed of 74 miles or more is designated a hurricane.
You are a horrible person.
You are a bad person and you should feel bad.
They only laugh out of pity for you.
Nothing you do will ever make up for the resources you've used to continue your useless existence.

